Docs (#65603)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/04-caching/index.mdx

- **Using the `dynamic = 'force-dynamic'` or `revalidate = 0` route segment config options**: This will skip the Full Route Cache and the Data Cache. Meaning components will be rendered and data fetched on every incoming request to the server. The Router Cache will still apply as it's a client-side cache.
- **Opting out of the [Data Cache](#data-cache)**: If a route has a `fetch` request that is not cached, this will opt the route out of the Full Route Cache. The data for the specific `fetch` request will be fetched for every incoming request. Other `fetch` requests that do not opt out of caching will still be cached in the Data Cache. This allows for a hybrid of cached and uncached data.

## Client-side Router Cache

Next.js has an in-memory client-side router cache that stores the RSC payload of route segments, split by layouts, loading states, and pages.

> When a user navigates between routes, Next.js caches the visited route segments and [prefetches](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/linking-and-navigating#2-prefetching) the routes the user is likely to navigate to. This results in instant back/forward navigation, no full-page reload between navigations, and React state and browser state are preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user navigates between routes, Next.js caches the visited route segments and [prefetches](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/linking-and-navigating#2-prefetching) the routes the user is likely to navigate to.This results in instant back/forward navigation, no full-page reload between navigations, and preservation of React state and browser state.
```
